Improve wording, fix typos, add edition to `Cargo.toml` (#20)
rust-lang/rustc-hash: README.md

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/rustc-hash.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/rustc-hash)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/rustc-hash/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/rustc-hash)

A speedy, non-cryptographic hashing algorithm used by `rustc` and Firefox.
The [hash map in `std`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/collections/struct.HashMap.html) uses SipHash by default, which provides resistance against DOS attacks.
These attacks aren't as much of a concern in the compiler so we prefer to use the quicker, non-cryptographic Fx algorithm.

The Fx algorithm is a unique one used by Firefox. It is fast because it can hash eight bytes at a time.

> Within `rustc`, it consistently outperforms every other tested algorithms (such as FNV).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within `rustc`, it consistently outperforms every other tested algorithm (such as FNV).
```

> Within `rustc`, it consistently outperforms FNV-based algorithms.
> The collision rate is similar or slightly worse than FNV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within `rustc`, it consistently outperforms every other tested algorithm (for example, FNV).
The collision rate is similar or slightly worse than others.
```
There have been a lot of benchmarks and fxhash has always come out on the winning side.

Author: Changed. "(such as FNV)" sounds more suitable to me.

> The collision rate is similar or slightly worse than others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The collision rate is similar or slightly worse than other low-quality hash functions.
```
Probably worth mentioning this explicitly
